DOCSUP-1838: Description of the system.asynchronous_metric_log table (#12711)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/system-tables/asynchronous_metric_log.md

## system.asynchronous\_metric\_log {#system-tables-async-log}

> Contains the historical values for `system.asynchronous_metrics`, which are saved once per minute. This function is available on default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains the historical values for `system.asynchronous_metrics`, which are saved once per minute. This feature is enabled by default.
```

> Columns:
> -   `event_date` ([Date](../../sql-reference/data-types/date.md)) — Day of the event.
> -   `event_time` ([DateTime](../../sql-reference/data-types/datetime.md)) — Exact time of the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Columns:

-   `event_date` ([Date](../../sql-reference/data-types/date.md)) — Day of the event.
-   `event_time` ([DateTime](../../sql-reference/data-types/datetime.md)) — Exact time of the event.
```

> -   `name` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — Name of the metric envolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `name` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — Name of the metric involved.
```

**Example**

``` sql
SELECT * FROM system.asynchronous_metric_log LIMIT 10
```

``` text
┌─event_date─┬──────────event_time─┬─name─────────────────────────────────────┬────value─┐
│ 2020-06-22 │ 2020-06-22 06:57:30 │ jemalloc.arenas.all.pmuzzy               │        0 │
│ 2020-06-22 │ 2020-06-22 06:57:30 │ jemalloc.arenas.all.pdirty               │     4214 │
│ 2020-06-22 │ 2020-06-22 06:57:30 │ jemalloc.background_thread.run_intervals │        0 │
│ 2020-06-22 │ 2020-06-22 06:57:30 │ jemalloc.background_thread.num_runs      │        0 │
│ 2020-06-22 │ 2020-06-22 06:57:30 │ jemalloc.retained                        │ 17657856 │
│ 2020-06-22 │ 2020-06-22 06:57:30 │ jemalloc.mapped                          │ 71471104 │
│ 2020-06-22 │ 2020-06-22 06:57:30 │ jemalloc.resident                        │ 61538304 │
│ 2020-06-22 │ 2020-06-22 06:57:30 │ jemalloc.metadata                        │  6199264 │
│ 2020-06-22 │ 2020-06-22 06:57:30 │ jemalloc.allocated                       │ 38074336 │
│ 2020-06-22 │ 2020-06-22 06:57:30 │ jemalloc.epoch                           │        2 │
└────────────┴─────────────────────┴──────────────────────────────────────────┴──────────┘
```

> **See Also**
> - [system.asynchronous\_metrics](../system-tables/asynchronous_metrics.md) — Contains metrics that are calculated periodically in the background. For example, the amount of RAM in use.
> - [system.metric_log](../operations/system-tables/metric_log) — Contains history of metrics values from tables `system.metrics` and `system.events`, periodically flushed to disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**See Also**

- [system.asynchronous\_metrics](../system-tables/asynchronous_metrics.md) — Contains metrics that are calculated periodically in the background. 
- [system.metric_log](../operations/system-tables/metric_log) — Contains history of metrics values from tables `system.metrics` and `system.events`, periodically flushed to disk.
```
